It's windy outside
Be careful of catching a cold
Thank you Huai Police
There is no need to say thank you between you and me. Oh, that's right.
And our engagement
Let me think about it.
Let's see when the electronics are suitable
Ah.
OK
Listen to you
Oh, right.
Miss Jiang, you came out so late to run for the driver
Isn't your husband worried?
Something is wrong with his company
The capital turnover is not open
I came out to work when I was idle
Oh, you husband and wife have such a good relationship.
Now?
Couples like you can share weal and woe
Really rare
Susu is closer
You send her first
I want to see all of Jiang Wanyi's information tomorrow
There you are.
I'll go first then.
Stay with me
When you were with me
It's not that I can't live a hard life